---
layout: post
title: Retro - 09/03/2020
tags: [retrospective, agile, team process]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
author: docHologram
pin: true
---
### Takeaways
 - The team ran into scope creep concerning the unintentional marrying of prototyping a front-end feature and the implementation of that feature. This led to the consequence of a PBI intended to be solely a mockup created in [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) taking up more effort than originally intended. Going forward, we will be more certain to delineate the mockup of a front-end feature from it's implementation as explicit PBIs.
 - We need to make a more concerted effort to tag PBIs as "independent" work items that are not dependent on other PBIs. We ran into an issue where front-end work was pulled into development that depended on several back-end items completing first. This caused the front-end PBI to become a bit stale and some rework was needed into for the pieces to fit together with the back-end implementation.
 - Identifying "independent" items allows them to be worked upon unimpeded by back-end dependencies, releasing a logjam merge into the QA environment.
 - As part of the [Swagger](https://swagger.io/solutions/api-design/) implementation for our budding public API documentation, we have become aware of the desire to establish more explicit examples for API calls. This is most necessary concerning POST calls with complex models. It is important for us to flesh out those models in our Swagger examples.
 - We are feeling that there may be a newfound slowness in the development and QA environments, which may be due to any of a myriad of causes such as databasing or Kubernetes servicing.

<!--more-->

### [Action Items](https://dflcloud.visualstudio.com/Nucleus/_workitems/edit/4690)
 - Investigate whether dev and QA environments are being slowed by DTU caps imposed by Azure or indexing efficiency, or possibly a need to optimize memory within the Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
 - Meet to formulate a Definition of Done (DoD) concerning API implementations

   