---
layout: post
title: Retro - July, 15 2020
tags: [retrospective, agile, team process]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
author: primarilysoftware
pin: true
---
### Takeaways
 - Always be ready to demo at the start of a code review.
   - BA should participate in the demo, but does not need to stay for entire review
 - If there is ever a merge confict in a PBI branch, developers must collaborate with author
   of confilcted files to resolve.
 - A developer has the right to request to be excused from a code review if he/she
   feels it will not be beneficial.  Team lead has final say on whether developer
   must attend or not.
 - When PRing a task branch into a PBI branch, the developer on the task branch has
   the right to request that another team member reviews the task branch PR before
   merging it into the PBI branch.

<!--more-->

### [Action Items](https://dflcloud.visualstudio.com/Nucleus/_workitems/edit/4431)
 - Instead of regular training this Friday, we will schedule a call to discuss options
   for creating a style guide.  Prior to the meeting, everyone should spend some time
   reviewing tools/guidance for creating a style guide.
 - Create an [internal project](https://dflcloud.visualstudio.com/Nucleus/_workitems/edit/3834)
   to separate the nucleus front-end and back-end Repos.  Build time is slow because
   those jobs run sequentially.
 - Create a [query](https://dflcloud.visualstudio.com/Nucleus/_queries/query/ef190e98-9e4e-4e6b-9b3a-7b9b5b4a2322/)
   in azure devops to help track number of QA Issues per cycle.  We can start to use
   this to help measure how well we are doing.
 - Update the teamlighthorse blog to allow us to pin retro takeaways.  Everyone should
   set their homepage to the blog so that the takeaways remain visible during the
   next cycle.
 - Change [retro columns](https://dflcloud.visualstudio.com/Nucleus/_apps/hub/ms-devlabs.team-retrospectives.home)
   back to Smileys, Frownies, and Changies
 - Update the state for work-items to match the board column on our 
   [board](https://dflcloud.visualstudio.com/Nucleus/_boards/board/t/Nucleus%20Team/Backlog%20items)
 - Add a new boolean field to PBIs that we set to flag customer requests
   