---
layout: post
title: Retro - 10/15/2021
tags: [retrospective, agile, team process]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
author: footedr
pin: true
---

Latest Team Lighthorse retrospective.

__QA Issue Count:__ 19

<!--more-->

### Smileys
- Nicole gives great feedback on team process improvement.
- Dave H. has done a nice job helping out w/ code reviews and back end work.
- Luke has done a good job taking care of our small, tedious (but important) items, as well as the p44 integration stuff he's done in the admin site.
- Dave H. did a nice job demoing during our last review.
- Jon did a great job w/ application logging enhancements.
- Everyone is really pleased w/ how Truckload Audit worked out.

### Frownies
- Too many Azure DevOps emails. Gotta pare those down to the most impactful ones.
- We're creating QA Issues during testing before the test plan is completely finished.
- We're ending up w/ log jams in the Code Review & Testing columns.
- Our last mockup caused confusion and took too long.
- We identified that we could possibly have room to improve upon our refinements. We may be getting too "in the weeds" with items. The team decided to keep "an eye on things" and start thinking of things we can do to improve. We will revisit.
- We realized that our Notifications service had been broken for over a month due to the IPs of our AKS clusters changing.

### Changies
- Don't create QA issues until you execute the test plan as thoroughly as possible.
- Create new t-shirt size for work items for "tiny".
- Batch tinies together to make the CI/CD process worth it.
- Tweak branch policies & policy override for Nicole/Dave to approve their own PRs (for trivial)
- Maybe start thinking of refining Features, complete with user stories and UAC. Perhaps try user story mapping.
- Get rid of checklist from work item templates.
- Dont add to storybook unless you want to
  - Use it as a development tool, if you want. Use it as a mockup tool, if you want. Don't add to storybook for the sake of adding to storybook.
- Work items to finish log enhancements and start paying more attention to errors (once the logs get cleaned up). This could include error reports or alerts via Azure.
- Work item for speeding up Angular build. It's slow.
- Work item for address IdentityServer redirect loop. It results in a LOT of errors in the log.
- Work item for deleting carrier account (and p44 capacity provider account).

**#neversayneigh**