---
layout: post
title: Retro - 8/5/2021
tags: [retrospective, agile, team process]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
author: footedr
pin: true
---
### Action Items
1. Nicole will create blog post for "tips & tricks"
2. Team will go back to writing AC themselves
3. Update 90 Evaluation / Training Wiki to include "Crafting the Cloud"
4. Un-bury style guide Internal Work items in the backlog
5. Create Internal Work item for additional "smoke tests"
6. Create new work item type for pre-Production bug
7. Create backlog of Internal Work & Tech Debt, meet weekly w/ Ryan to refine it
8. Create wiki entry for common local development issues
9. Schedule Cloud Team golf outing

__QA Issue Count:__ 26

<!--more-->

### Synopsis
The team met for their latest retrospective on Thursday, August 5th. The general consensus was that our team process is working well, the team is firing on all cylinders so-to-speak, and we don't feel it's necessary to make any major changes. 

That said, we had a few good ideas for some small action items that should help fill some process holes we identified.

There were an abnormally large amount of QA issues. The team felt like it could be due to some confusion with scope and User Acceptance Criteria on the work items in question. We decided we should go back to writing the UAC ourselves (vs. the Product Owner typing it out). In fact, we thought it would probably be a good idea to have our Product Owner be completely hands-off the keyboard during refinement. The team will rotate who is "driving", week in and week out. We feel like this will help eliminate "lost in translation" issues that can arise from the team members dictating UAC to our PO.

Our Production bug count has been down, but we are continuing to find bugs pre-Production. We think this is a good thing, and we believe it means our process is working well. We would like however, to track pre-Production bugs separately from Production bugs. Production bugs mean something has fallen through the cracks. 

So we plan on creating a new work item type for pre-Production bugs. It was brought up though, that we would probably, at some point, like to be able to funnel all bugs up into an "Unplanned Work" type or query.

Jon's Lunch & Learn on Automated e2e Testing was praised as a success. Nicole pointed out that even watching Jon work can uncover cool tips & tricks with the editor or various other types of cool tidbits. She is planning on creating a wiki entry on our DevOps for the things she has picked up.

Luke was praised for his work during his internship. He has done a fantastic job with our administration site and the integration with project44. His internship will officially end on 8/20, so we decided we should attempt to get a golf outing going in the week leading up to his last day. 

We did identify a glaring hole in our Internship "Training Program". We had Luke do web development w/o any training and w/o any prior experience. He did do a wonderful job getting himself up-to-speed with HTML, JavaScript, and jQuery. But for future training, we decided to leverage the work Dave has done with his "Crafting the Cloud" resources, to help with web development training.

I also brought up that I had had some local development environment setup issues. To help myself and others, it was suggested to create a DevOps wiki entry for common local development issues, such as how to troubleshoot certificate issues.

I have been confused of late on how we are supposed to leverage Storybook for our front end development. It was determined that we want to continue to use Storybook for component development, but the real benefit is in using it as a style guide. We used to have style guid Internal Work items on our board, but they have been "buried". We have decided to "un-bury" them.

That said, these "un-buried" Internal Work items should now find their way to the new "Internal Work & Tech Debt" backlog.

I have requested that the development team creates lists of work items that they feel are important, so that we can build the initial backlog. The goal here is to refine this backlog weekly, in a separate (shorter) refinement


**Takeaways:**
- TL planning was effective, leading to a super straight-forward, simple solution
- Luke has done a great job working on intern project
- Jon's L&L was awesome and helpful
- Production bug count is down
- Event storming & code reviews are really helping
	- Code reviews help skill up
	- Event storming helps distribute knowledge and leads to good processes and products
- Nicole blog post "tips & tricks"
	- Based on things she's learned from watching Jon work
- Storybook
	- We DO still want to use
	- Style guide stuff buried, let's un-bury
- We should use "crafting the cloud" for web dev training (for front & back end)
- How can we better handle / treat storybook mockup commits / deployments?
- Team get back to writing AC themselves
- Internal item for additional "smoke tests"
- Attempt a remote Miro Event Storming session
- Internal / Tech Debt refinement (weekly)
- Schedule golf outing w/ team
- Wiki entry for common local development issues
- New work item for bugs found pre-production
	- What should we name it?
	- How can we funnel up bugs and pre-production bugs into "unplanned work"? Simple DevOps query?

**#neversayneigh**

### Action Items
1. Nicole will create blog post for "tips & tricks"
2. Team will go back to writing AC themselves
3. Update 90 Evaluation / Training Wiki to include "Crafting the Cloud"
4. Un-bury style guide Internal Work items in the backlog
5. Create Internal Work item for additional "smoke tests"
6. Create new work item type for pre-Production bug
7. Create backlog of Internal Work & Tech Debt, meet weekly w/ Ryan to refine it
8. Create wiki entry for common local development issues
9. Schedule Cloud Team golf outing

__QA Issue Count:__ 26