---
layout: post
title: Retro - 01/06/2022
tags: [retrospective, agile, team process]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
author: footedr
pin: true
---

Latest Team Lighthorse retrospective.

__QA Issue Count:__ 34*

**Includes QA Issues created since 11/2*

<!--more-->

### Smileys
- Luke doing great job skilling up and helping out w/ updating stuff like .NET version across repos
- Everyone enjoyed DevIntersection & the team fellowship
- Everyone pleased w/ progress made in Carrier Portal
- Thankful to everyone for helping w/ testing & code reviewing

### Frownies
- Need to get back on the blog
	- Ryan will ask people to make posts
	- Ryan will get back to posting retro
- We are having difficulty authorizing loads in SignalR handlers because of where SignalR is hosted vs. where loads are stored.
- We previously decided we would code review based on the order the work was done, in an effort to help others learn. We've gotten away from that.
- We're struggling with the Azure Kubernetes Service autoscaler. We don't know how it works.
- Increase in QA Issue count

### Changies
- Team has requested that a list of refinement items be sent out ahead of time so we know what we'll be refining.
- Make list of repos that need refactoring for latest Kernel
- Luke wants more OData!!!
	- Maybe for TL tiles & donuts
- CI enhancements
  - Use Trivy
	  - scan docker images for known vulnerabilities
		- might need to find a tool to look at npm package vulnerability
	- Helm charts for each service
	- Get item on board for internal items for each repo
	- Need to investigate how to cache npm packages in our Angular builds
		- Given that we we build in docker

**#neversayneigh**